java c
NBA 5111   Financial   Modeling
Fall   2024
Group   project due   by end of day on   Friday,   December   13Modeling   a   leveraged   recap   transaction   of   a   real   company   is   likely   to   be   challenging. This   exercise   will   allow   you   to   apply the   tools   and   techniques   developed   in   this   course   to   a   modeling   task   relevant   to   today’s   business   environment. So,   keep in   mind   the   following:
1.             Devote   a   reasonable   amount   of   time   to   the   project   so   that   you   can   do   your   best.
2.          Attractive   candidates   for      LBO   generally      have   the   following   financial   characteristics   among:   (1)   strong,   stable   free cash   flows   (definitions   vary,   but   generally   CFO   net   of   CFI);   (2)   low/no   debt;   (3)   low   market   capitalizations.   Strong   free   cash   flows   will   allow   the   target   to   service   the   new   debt   issued   in   the   transaction, whereas   low/no   existing   debt and   a   low   market   cap   reduces   the   capital   the   specialist   needs   to   commit   to   the   transaction.
3.             Download   the   financial   statements   from   Capital   IQ.   Please   keep   all   worksheets   from   your   downloaded   file.   Create a   new   worksheet   for   the   LBO   where   you   may   paste   in   the   historical   income   statement   and   balance   sheet.   Please   develop   the   other   parts   of   your   model   from   scratch. You   may   use   the   course   model   as   a   guide,   but   only   as   a   guide.   Constructing   the   model   from   a   blank   workbook   (or   Capital   IQ   download)   is   the   best   way   to   learn   the   material.
4.          Your    first      model      will      not      be    your      last.      Once    you      have    the      model    working      correctly,      clean      the      model      up      and
reconstruct   the   model   so   that   it   works   as   efficiently   and   logically   as   possible.
5.          The   market   for   corporate   control   is   relatively   efficient.   Therefore,   your   selected   company   may   not   offer   attractive
returns   to   a   buyout   specialist.   Please   do   not   worry   if   the   IRRs   on   your   proposed   transaction   are   less   than   stellar.   You will   be evaluated on the quality and   functionality   of your   model,   not   your   ability   to   find   a   good   LBO target.
Your job:
Work   in   groups   of   four   or   less   (no   exceptions).   Once   you   have   identified   a   company   that   you   believe   will   make   a   good candidate   for   a   leveraged   recap   transaction,   put   together   a   working   model   (Assumptions,   I/S,   B/S,   SCF).The   forecast   horizon   should   extend   six   years    beyond   the      most   recent   balance   sheet   date.    Most   balance   sheet   and income   statement   assumptions   should   appear   in   the   common-size   income   statement   and   common-size   balance   sheet   for   the   period   covering   the   forecast   horizon.   Create   schedules   to   forecast   sales   (e.g.,   annual   growth   rates   or   a   sales build-up)   and   any   line   item   not   forecast   as   a   percent   of   same   year   sales.   Examples   include   tax   expense,   debt   balances,   and   interest   expense. You   must   build   a   CapEx   schedule   for   property,   plant, and   equipment   and   depreciation   expense   as part   of   this   assignment.
Once   you   have   a   working   model,   begin   modeling   the   transaction. Assume   the   following:
1.          An       LBO       shop       like       KKR       is      considering      acquiring      your      company      in      a      transaction      structured      as      a      leveragedrecapitalization.    For   simplicity   assume   the   transaction   will   take   place   at   the   start   of   business   in   fiscal   year   +2   in   the forecast      horizon.    For      example,      if      the      latest         10-K      covers      the      fiscal      year      ending      December      2023,      assume      the transaction   takes   place   January   1,   2025   (day   +1 of   year   +2).
2.             Start   by   assuming   90%   of   the   original   shares   outstanding   will   be   repurchased   for   a   10%   premium   over   the   current
stock   price.    You   can   assume   the   stock   price   on   the   transaction   date   will   be   the   same   as   it   is   today.
3.          The   banks   will   allow   the   transaction   to   be   partially   financed   with   debt,   as   follows:
a.             The   company   will   pay   off   any   existing   debt   (a “Use”   in   the   “Sources   and   Uses”   schedule).
b.          The    company    will    be   permitted   to    borrow   new   (term)   debt,   but   with   limits.   Based   on   your   pro   formas   incorporating   the   effects   of   the   transaction,   Debt/EBITDA   may   not   exceed   6.0x   in   any   year   from   the   year of   the   transaction   to   the  代 写NBA 5111 Financial Modeling  Fall 2024Prolog
代做程序编程语言 time   of   exit,   nor   may   EBIT/   Interest   be   less   than   2.0x   in   any   year   from   the   year   of the   transaction   to   the   time   of   exit.   For   these   calculations,   include   a   revolver   balance   as   debt   and   include any   interest   on   the   revolver.
c.             The   company    must   amortize   the   term   debt   on   a   straight-line   basis   over   a   period   of   seven   years,   i.e.,   in addition   to   the   interest   due   each   year,   it   must   make   principal   repayments   each   year   equal   to   1/7   of   the new   term   debt   taken   on,   until   completely   paid   off.
d.             Interest   will   be   paid   annually   on   the   average   outstanding   term   debt   balance   during   the   year   at   an   interest rate   of   SOFR   plus   4%. Assume   that   the   current   SOFR   holds   for   the   entire   period.
4.             Set   up   a   current   liabilities   account   titled   “Revolving   Line   of   Credit” to   be   your   plug   (be   sure   to   incorporate   an   error-trapping   approach,    i.e.,    IFERROR   or   circuit    breaker).    Maximum    availability    (i.e.,    max    ending    balance)   each   year should   be   based   on   the   larger   or   the   following   two   calculation:   (1)   85%   of   accounts   receivable   (average   balance over   year)   plus   50% of   inventory   (average   balance   over   year), or   (2)   60%   of   non-cash   current   assets.      Calculate   this availability   level   for   each   year   and   compare   it   to   the   ending   balances   you   find   by   using   the   revolving   line   of   credit   as   the   plug   in   your   model.      These   comparisons   might   constrain   the   maximum   amount   of   term   debt   the   firm   can take   on.   You   do   not   need   to   model   this   as   a   hard   constraint.   Instead,   it   is   acceptable   to   monitor   compliance   with   this   constraint   over   the    holding    period    (i.e.,    similar    to   the    debt    limits    identified    in    3b,      above).    Interest    on    the   outstanding   revolving   line   of   credit   will   be   payable   annually   based   on   the   average   balance   and   an   interest   rate   of   SOFR   plus   5%.A   zero   balance   in   the   revolving   line   of   credit   would   indicate   that   your   firm   is   generating   more   than   enough   cash   to meet   its   obligations. You   might   want   to   consider   increasing   the   level   of   debt   taken   on   to   finance   the   transaction,   if other   constraints   make   this   a   viable   option.   Else,   use   the   excess   cash   to   pay   down   your   term   debt   faster.   If   the revolver   and   transaction   debt   are   paid   down   to   zero, any   remaining   excess   cash   should   be   paid   out   to   equity   holders pro   rata   as   a   dividend.   Remember, other   equity   holders   remain   after   the   initial   transaction,   so   the   buyout   specialist does   not   receive   100   percent   of   any   equity   distributions   the   target   company   makes.
Suggestions:
Create   a   separate   section   entitled   “Debt   Schedule” and   use   this   section   to   calculate   (1) your   annual   term   debt   balances;
(2) your   annual   revolving   line   of   credit   availability   and   balances;   and   (3) your   interest   expense   on   both   balances.
Additionally, you   should   calculate   and   include   on   the   “Debt   Schedule” the   following   coverage   ratios,   and   determine   that the   firm   is   not   in   violation   of   either   of   these   covenants   in   any   year   :
1.             Interest   coverage   ratio   (EBIT   / total   interest   expense   exceeds   2.0x   in   every   year).
2.             Leverage   test   (total   debt   /   EBITDA   does   not   exceed   6.0x   in   any   year).
3.             Revolver   availability   test   (revolver   balance   does   not   exceed   maximum   availability,   described   above).   Leveraged   Recap   Exit:
1.             Make   the   following   assumption   about   KKR’s   exit   strategy:       KKR   will   exit   the   investment   five   years   after   the   time   ofthe   transaction   (end   of   year   +6 in   the   forecast   horizon). They   will   be   able   to   sell   at   an   EBITDA   multiple   equal   to   what they    paid    initially.    For    example,   if   paying   a    10%    premium    on    1/1/2025    translates    into    paying    an    10.0x    EBITDA   multiple,   assume   that   they   will   be   able   to   sell   at   an   10.0x   EBITDA   valuation   on   12/31/2029.   Use   trailing   multiples   for   entry   and   exit.
2.             If   KKR’s   target   IRR   for   portfolio   investments   is   25%, would   your   company   offer   an   attractive   acquisition   opportunity?
What   would   KKR’s   target   IRR   have   to   be   for   your   company   to   be   an   attractive   proposition?   Model   the   effect   of   exit multiple   scenarios   on   expected   IRRs.

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
